hi guys i got my package from jellyfish
charms and i usually don't make videos
ni but i can't wait to open this and my
dad got this a while ago but he forgot
to tell me but anyways let's open this
so there's a note and it says hey jello
here i've included tons of extra deco
pieces yay i hope you like it and i hope
i'm not missing anything gel hey you
ship also cute thank you for that oh
there's so many things in here hamburger
so cute it came slices that is for parts
and strawberries there's so many cupcake
this thing
another cupcake all the pikachu is so
cute the cheapy that i'll ask for city
oma HSN from prince of tennis so this
deco piece the paint palette an ice
cream more cupcakes there's a lot in
here I've Mickey Mouse Minnie Mouse
Mickey Mouse Donna Oh a little pink ball
and were cupcakes oh my god you included
a lot of extra stinky and chibi the
other gps for and in this author one
thing fixed it Thank You jello I really
love trading with you and I lock
everything thank you for the tons of
extras so bye